Update README (#155)
giantswarm/dex-app: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/dex-app.svg?style=shield&circle-token=7552290f91277c20801ee5bf7ff8c754a9f59d6d)](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/dex-app)

# Dex

[Dex](https://dexidp.io/) is an identity service that uses OpenID Connect to handle authentication for Kubernetes. It connects to third party identity providers like Active Directory, LDAP, and GitHub. While the Kubernetes API server only supports a single identity provider and OIDC token issuer, the use of Dex allows to use identities from various providers when authenticating for Kubernetes.

This app is installed in Giant Swarm management clusters by default and is also ready to be deployed in workload clusters.

In addition to Dex itself, this app provides [Dex K8s Authenticator](https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator), which helps to configure `kubectl` for clusters authenticated to via Dex.

## Installing

There are several ways to install this app.

1. [Using our web interface](https://docs.giantswarm.io/ui-api/web/app-platform/#installing-an-app)

> 2. Creating the [App resource](https://docs.giantswarm.io/ui-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io/) in the management cluster. Check the [getting start with app platform](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/getting-started/) guide for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Creating the [App resource](https://docs.giantswarm.io/ui-api/management-api/crd/apps.application.giantswarm.io/) in the management cluster. Check the [getting started with app platform](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/getting-started/) guide for details.
```

      connectorConfig: >-
        clientID: <CLIENT-ID-SET-IN-YOUR-IdP>
        clientSecret: <CLIENT-SECRET-SET-IN--YOUR-IdP>
        insecureEnableGroups: true
        scopes:
        - email
        - groups
        - profile
        issuer: https://<IDP_ENDPOINT>/auth/realms/master
        redirectURI: https://dex.<CLUSTERID>.<BASEDOMAIN>/callback
```

Example connector configuration for GitHub:

```yaml
    - id: customer
      connectorName: test
      connectorType: github
      connectorConfig: >-
        clientID: <CLIENT-ID-SET-IN-YOUR-IdP>
        clientSecret: <CLIENT-SECRET-SET-IN--YOUR-IdP>
        loadAllGroups: false
        teamNameField: slug
        orgs:
        - name: <GITHUB_ORG_NAME>
          teams:
          - <GITHUB_TEAM_SLUG>
        redirectURI: https://dex.<CLUSTERID>.<BASEDOMAIN>/callback
```

Note:

- `<GITHUB_ORG_NAME>` is your GitHub organization name. For example, the part `myorg` in `https://github.com/myorg`.
- `<GITHUB_TEAM_SLUG>` is the part of the team's URL representing the team name. For example, the part `my-team` in `https://github.com/orgs/myorg/teams/my-team`.

### Installing the Chart in Giant Swarm workload clusters

> To install the app in a workload cluster, you'll use the methods of the [app platform](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/). Your `values.yaml` content is passed to the app via a `ConfigMap` resource that you'll have to create before installing the app, in the namespace named after the workload cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app is installed in workload clusters, via our [app platform](https://docs.giantswarm.io/app-platform/). 
Before doing so, please create the following `ConfigMap` resource in the namespace named after that workload cluster to provide the contents of your `values.yaml` file.
```
